△▼△▼△▼△

Having separated from Heinkel, Rowan sprinted towards the north side of the Imperial Capital with vigilance.

Ahead of his route was the building that stood out the most within the Imperial Capital, the Crystal Palace, and there was no room to doubt that it had currently been transformed into the base of the undead.

Likely, the ringleader who was resurrecting the dead, with whom Groovy and Al were having issues with, was also present in the palace, but that was no reason for Rowan to halt his legs.

Storming the palace, and beheading the ringleader of the enemy faster than anyone else―― Let it be known that he was not heading for the Crystal Palace in order to bring the situation under his control.
That which he had told Heinkel was no lie, it really did not matter to Rowan in the slightest whether the Empire was saved or not. His perception was that it was better for chaos and disaster to be widespread.

There was a reason why Rowan was possessed of a single-minded focus on hastening to the Crystal Palace.

That reason was of course, his biological son, Cecilus Segmunt. However, even if the reason were stated to be Cecilus, it was not due to any parental love or affection.

Rowan: [That damn dullard, it’s absolutely outrageous that he parted ways with the Dream Sword and Fiend Sword.]

In Rowan’s mind as he gnawed his teeth, two katanas that concealed tremendous power were pictured―― Though there were many magic and holy swords in the world, only ten were swords of absolute power.

Two among them were Cecilus’s beloved katanas which he had parted with after being shrunken, the Dream Sword, Masayume, and the Fiend Sword, Murasame.

Even if things were to take a turn for the worst, it would be troubling if those two katanas were to be lost.

It went without saying that, to reach the Heavenly Sword, the person in question was required to possess masterful swordsmanship and talent. But in order to prove to the world that they were the real deal, they must not yield in the aspect of using worthy steel.

And undoubtedly, Masayume and Murasame were two worthy blades.

Rowan: [I dunno when he’ll return to normal, but without his katanas, he ain’t gonna be able to fully take form.]

When the shrunken Cecilus returned to his original size, him being without his swords was out of the question.

It was possible that, during a moment of this exceedingly massive disaster, Cecilus would reach the Heavenly Sword. If Cecilus were to not possess his katanas when that came to pass, it would be absolutely outrageous.

――Even if Cecilus were to reach the Heavenly Sword, were he to go without wielding his perfect katanas at the moment Rowan cut him down, then the latter would have no proof that he himself had reached the Heavenly Sword.

In order to secure that proof, he had no choice but to recover Cecilus’s swords.

Rowan: [That bastard, what an imbecile to shrink and forget the promise he made with his father.]

In the past, Rowan and Cecilus had made a promise as parent and child.

When Rowan attempted to quickly make the entirety of the Empire into an enemy, so that he could have Cecilus reach the Heavenly Sword, Cecilus refused it because “That’s typical of a crude villain” of all things, taking Vincent’s side as he tried to slay Rowan.

Then, in order to have Cecilus turn a blind eye, Rowan had made a promise.

That eventually, once Cecilus reached the Heavenly Sword, Rowan would definitely come to kill him.

Accepting that, Cecilus dropped a gravely-injured Rowan into a river, allowing him to escape. Having survived through the verge of death, Rowan continued to improve his skills as he awaited the promised time.

And now, that moment was imminent, constantly drawing closer.

Rowan: [If the location hasn’t changed――]

While vested with the seat of First, Cecilus had spent nearly all of his earnings on swords.

Therefore, he did not have a mansion befitting a General First-Class, instead living his life in a small hut constructed in the field north of the Crystal Palace. If that had not changed, there was a high chance that both the Dream Sword and the Fiend Sword were being stored in that small hut.

In order to retrieve those and deliver them to Cecilus, Rowan headed for the hinterland of the Crystal――,

Rowan: [――Hk.]

He evaded the eyes of the undead, he passed by the Crystal Palace, and when he tried to proceed to the base of the destroyed reservoir wall, Rowan took a great leap sideways due to a sudden presence.

And, that had been the right thing to do.

――A tremendous impact crashed down from overhead, its vehement, destructive force generating a circular crater in the main street.

The walls surrounding the Crystal Palace that faced the street warped and crumbled, and as a plume of smoke akin to an explosion filled his vision, Rowan clicked his tongue and unsheathed his blade.

Utilizing the cloud-cutting technique he released a strike to sever the eruption of smoke, he was then able to lay eyes on the being present beyond it, on the culprit that had produced the impact.

Standing there was a lone woman, of tall, slender stature.

With long flowing white hair, the woman was adorned in a blue dress and stood with an elegant posture. Though Rowan was completely ignorant in concepts of beauty and ugliness, his values would evaluate her graceful physique as quite beautiful.

Her long-slitted blue eyes were pregnant with a hue of sorrow, which brought suspicion to Rowan.

Unlike the undead, she did not possess black eyeballs of golden irises. Blood coursed through her white skin, so the woman fixing her gaze on him was likely a living person.

However, this was the palace of the dead, the capital of the undead, that conduct should be that of an enemy to the living.

Rowan: [Over there, ya’d be――]

Woman: [――Iris.]

Rowan: […Didn’t think ya’d introduce yerself so suddenly.]

His katana poised by his waist, Rowan moistened his lips, and narrowed his eyes.

She was a woman, but that was no reason to underestimate her. More than anything else, she was clad in the air of an unbelievably powerful individual. She did not seem to have a positive expression about wielding that power, but that was a matter trivial for Rowan.

With an expression that seemed to be extremely concerned over that trivial matter, as the fox ears hidden within her white hair trembled, the woman who called herself Iris,

Iris: [Return to where you came from. There is no need for anyone to die within the reach of my eyes.] [1]

Rowan: [My goodness, awfully sorry about this.]

Closing a single eye before the woman who was earnestly appealing to him―― before Iris, Rowan adjusted his grip on his katana.

No matter what his opponent’s intentions may be, if they were obstructing his way, there was no helping it. And above all else, to move aside when faced with this powerful of an individual was something impossible for a swordsman.

That was to say――,

Rowan: [――The path to the Heavenly Sword is still steep. I’m gonna cut ya down, and then further down the path I shall proceed.]

 

Translation Note:

[1] – Though she is now identifying as Iris, one thing to note is that her speaking style is still Yorna’s unique Arinsu-kotoba.
